OK so guy you know you can see that we have understanded so much things.
OK now we know everything about it.
First just let's go ahead and let's add the NEWSROOM into our blog things so let's just go ahead and
let's go to menus here and let's add our one more page that we have here.
So I'm going to go to the menu and you can see that this is loading right now so this be loaded.
And then I will add dad blog page into Armenian section and then we're going to be moving forward.
You can see the blog is right here.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to check this and I'm going to hit too many you and I can
see that this is right here.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to bring this to the top of this so now I'm going to go
ahead and I'm going to save money.
And that's all I have to do.
And let's just go ahead and let's view our website so you can see that we have our home about us blog
and contact us and this now completes our website.
OK.
So now we're going to work with the blog thing OK because we have to understand this.
Guys I know you might be like OK I don't want to work for the blog but who knows that in future you
may want to work with it so please just pay attention and just understand this.
OK.
We just have to work with that category and that's all.
And then we're done with the blog thing.
OK.
You'll also learn about the common thing.
That is later part.
OK.
And then we're going to vary it and then I'm going to tell you about the customization of the website
and then we're going to learn about the team and then the plug ins and that's all.
Then we'll be working up with our project.
So let's just go ahead and let's work with our dashboard.
OK so I'm going to go to the categories like let's add the categories of the post so if you just look
at the post then you can see that we can categorize it like the news room or like new events that we
have or like a date or feature.
So something like that so let's just go ahead in the post.
You can see it has the categories I'm going to add this and you can see it says the taxonomy and this
and it sees the add new category.
And now you can see that here we have the list of all the categories that we have.
OK let's just understand this.
You can see we have this bulk actions and we have this Uncategorized and it has the count three.
So if we just go ahead and we just open up all the post.
OK.
And you can see that these posts are under the category of Uncategorized which is to faultily created
by word press.
OK.
So just let's quickly go ahead and let's rename this categories.
I'm going to rename this category as like news.
So you can see that I'm renaming this as news and I'm going to change the slug's slug is like what.
OK I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit update.
Now let's go back to categories.
OK.
So if I just view this category then I'm going to tell you what it is and how does it use for if I just
go ahead and I just open this up I can see that it's a slash category and then slash the slug.
This is the slug basically like Vu's this news.
That is why this is here.
If I just change this slug to be like a news room OK and then I keep it the need to be like news and
then I just go ahead and I just updated.
OK.
And then when I refreshed this you will see an error like Page Not Found.
OK you can see it says Page Not Found.
The reason is that I have changed a slug and I have to add that in the news to be like news room then
I refresh this you will see that this is now working like that because the slug is this which is you
are now.
And then I have the category which is news.
And then I have these posts coming.
So you can just categorize your posts and if someone view your post vid category like in the menu you
can add that category and then you can just work for that.
I'm going explain you this later on.
But first let's just go ahead and let's add some more category.
I'm going to go back and now here I'm going to add one more.
So that is going to be like feature.
And the slug is going to be none.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to just add this.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit a new category.
OK.
This is added right now.
And the slug is already created from here.
So I'm going to add one more.
And that is going to be a showdown or like release press release OK.
And then here I'm going to go to like press release like press Dasch release it's going to be like a
slash category slash press release.
OK.
And let's go ahead and let's just head add new categories so we have these categories right here.
Number one is the feature.
The other one is the news.
And so let's just go ahead and let's just set a new category.
You can see this is right here.
OK.
And we have these count as this.
So let's quickly go ahead.
Well it's a sign these post to the feature and the press release as well.
I'm going to go to the all post OK.
And any here I want to make my.
This one posed to be assigned to the feature OK like this is a new feature and I'm going to change that
category to be the feature and I'm going to check the news here.
OK.
And I'm going to hit.
And this one.
A thief got arrested by.
This is going to be in the news.
OK so this is the news and this hello world should be a feature.
OK.
Like it can be a feature or it can be like press release about from the hello world.
I'm going to go to quick edit you can quick edited from here.
Or you can just go ahead and you can hit edit from here and then you can see that it says the categories
so here you can select to be like press release.
And I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit a date and that's all you have to do.
OK.
And now when we go to the categories and then just the first page you can see that every post they'll
be assigned 1 1 1.
OK so any category like I give you to feature OK you can see this is the category feature and the category
feature has just one single post and that is coming here.
So this is how you can basically create these categories.
Now you can add unlimited posed to the category so for a feature like you can add like Eitan Ziel now
offers mobile apps development OK.
And then here you can add the alarm of some content.
I'm going to add that I'm just going to go to the dot.com slash feed's slash each team.
And then here is the content I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to quickly just copy this.
OK let's just go ahead let's copy and let's come here and paste.
OK.
And then I'm going to select the category to be the feature because that is the feature and that's all
you have to just go ahead and you have to publish and you can see that we have now published our categories
so let's just go ahead and let's just refresh this and on refreshing you can see Tay's Eitan Ziel now
offers mobile apps development.
And I didn't allow offers of web development and every category is coming right here.
OK so now we're totally done with the category stuff.
Now for the category you can add these categories in your menus.
OK.
How are you going to do that so you can add it like if you go to dashboard Let's suppose that you want
to create a big blog and you want to work with it so if you want to add the link of the categories into
your menus then you can add that.
So here you have to select to be like categories and these are the categories that are coming.
So let's suppose that I want to add feature props and everything.
So let me just tell you one more thing.
If you just do two press release this this and this and we add all of them.
OK.
And now you can see that this is these are the category and these are the pages.
I'm just going to go away and I'm going to hit save menu and let's just have a look at her site OK.
You can see how they're looking so it stays home about us blog contact us feature news professionalise.
So everything is coming if you just go to the blog it's going to show all the posts that we have in
the blog.
Can See I can see alone offers web development.
He got arrested and the hello world.
Now I want this to be these to be the subcategories like the sub menu of this item so that if someone
brings his mouse over it then he should see he.
He should see all the categories.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go to the menus and I'm going to come here to feature and
I'm going to drag this and I'm going to bring it right here.
OK.
Bring all these to the top.
Now I want to these two be the subway menu item of this blog.
So we'll for that I have to just track this and I have to keep it right.
OK.
And you can see this is now marked as the sub items like this I have to do it for this and I have to
do it for yes that's all.
And I have to hit save menu.
And now if I just come here and I just go to my web page I can see we have this like this home about
us blog and then we have feature news press release and then we have the contact us so you can see that
how everything is just working like that.
Guys the blog has the category feature category.
News.
And then it has the category Presley So if someone just want to learn about the feature OK they'll see
that what are the new features that concealer I'm on the side is doing.
So he'll just go to this and I'll just view this and you can see the category feature.
And now the blog is showing all the categories that has the featured feature.
So you can see this is how these menu works as well.
So now you can see that we are totally totally done with our Web site and the blogging stuff.
And in the next video I'll show you just about documenting how commenting works and how can you just
work with it.
And I'll also show you that how can you basically just work with the lens of this like if you want to
make it smaller.
Like when we were walking up with the Apple NEWSROOM.
OK.
Just Google Apple slash NEWSROOM.
Here you can see that we have not the pull content thing here just the title.
And then they don't have the small condom but I'm going to show a little bit Condon's so that it makes
my page does it not very big.
OK.
I want it to be like a bit smaller.
I'm going to do that and how it is done and we'll be doing that in the upcoming video so stadium guys.
And then we'll be working out for the teams and other stuff.
So Stadion guys and backbite.